Document Declare v2 (#901)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/guide/deploying_contracts.rst

Reviewer: Let's maybe add a separate section about Cairo1

    Signing Declare transactions is possible only with Accounts having `__validate__` entrypoint (with `supported_tx_version = 1`).

Declaring Cairo1 contracts
--------------------------

Starknet 0.11 introduced the ability to declare contracts written in Cairo1!

> To declare a new contract, Declare version 2 transaction has to be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare a new contract, Declare v2 transaction has to be sent.
```
